[Music]
napoleon dynamite is yet another game
based on a movie that is made up of a
series of minigames which all revolve
around the events of the film the main
issue with the experience is that all of
the tasks which are asked of the player
are mind-numbingly boring from dragon an
action figure behind a bus defeating a
llama known as tina but before we get
too deep into the infuriating parts of
the game i'll make a quick mention of
what the game does get right mainly the
art style and though it's unconventional
it's actually fairly well done the game
looks like someone took still pictures
of the various objects and settings in
the movie cut them out and pasted them
all back together using glue it has an
early soft part charm to it though the
characters are a bit creepy but overall
the game looks and sounds pretty good
but it all falls apart when it's
actually played right off the bat the
mini games are ridiculously difficult
correct me if i'm wrong but aren't mini
games usually short simple distractions
if so napoleon dynamite is no mini-game
collection these games are crazy
difficult unfortunately most of the
other activities you'll find yourself
doing involve reusing the same mechanics
over and over again but in a different
setting the football game shares a
mechanic with a bow and arrow game as
well as several variations on horizontal
shooters that just come off as lazy on
behalf of the developers at the end of
the day instead of napoleon dynamite
feeling like the true extension of the
film it ends up just coming across as a
cheap passgrab collection of minigames
that are about as much fun as walking in
front of a car this is one to avoid
the golden compass is a game based on a
movie which itself was based on a book
if you're at all familiar with the
source material the game sees you taken
on the part of lyra who's trying to seek
out her friend roger and save him from
the clutches of evil kidnappers known as
the gobblers the gameplay is just a
[__] mess and that's putting it
lightly there are so many ideas in play
that it feels like a game struggling to
find an identity the main part being
exploration itself you spend an absurd
amount of time just wandering around the
world fulfilling mundane tasks that add
absolutely nothing to the adventure it
feels like an absolute choke to get
through platforming is another area
which makes up most of the golden
compass the problem being that much like
everything else it attempts it never
delivers to be fair there are some solid
ideas when it comes to this aspect of
the game such as the grappling hook that
makes traversal a bit more engaging but
the loose controls and abysmal level
design practically halt you right in
your tracks the icing on the cake has to
be the over-reliance on quicktime events
though from jumping to combat and
navigation there's always something
popping up on the screen which just goes
to further pull you out of the
experience and create yet another layer
of annoyance as you make your way
through it there's several other aspects
in place such as lyra's ability to
deceive other characters which just
results in frustration and likely
another reason to hate yourself even
more for buying it in the first place
but what hits at home is the completely
random loading that just comes out of
nowhere you'll be walking through the
level and bam you're hit with an up to
10 second wait just to be able to carry
on and this can be seriously annoying it
can happen mid-jump or mid-attack and
rather than just freeze the on-screen
view the game cuts away to a black
screen with a loading symbol it is
guaranteed to annoy the [__] out of
anyone playing and it's a shame as what
starts out quite competently soon
devolves into a complete and utter mess
that will likely be too boring to hold
anyone's interest
bazooka is essentially a party game that
wears its inspiration on its sleeve
mainly the warrior way series and much
like that game kazoo consists of various
activities that usually last between two
minutes to 20 second burst of play the
difference being that they're all about
as inspired as a youtube apology video
there's 30 of them in total which
results in an unfortunate lack of
variety and when coupled with the
absolute schizophrenic way the game is
structured what you're left with is an
absolute miserable nightmare you start
off with a few of them unlocked
including an alien abduction pick em up
a shooter and a studio that sees you
having to bleep out profanity on the
radio if you actually survive going
through them without wanting to die
you'll come face to face with the
progression system that will likely be
the push over the edge you see in order
to unlock more mini games you need to
earn up to ten thousand dollars of
in-game currency the problem being is
that your place on the scoreboard
dictates the amount of money you win for
example 10th would be one thousand
dollars where his ninth would be two
thousand and so on but just playing a
mini game nets you a hundred dollars
which completely negates the competitive
nature of each game as you can just
slowly progress with no sort of
challenge now you know me when it comes
to games i try to give each and everyone
a cover a fair shake so are there any
positives well it didn't crash most of
the games can seemingly be played in
multiplayer although most same people
won't have the guts to inflict this on
their friends in all seriousness though
when it comes to visuals kazoo is
actually quite impressive there's a nice
level of detail especially in each of
the environments it's a real shame as
it's clear to see that a fair amount of
work has clearly gone into the game but
the actual act of playing it just can't
keep up with the effort that was poured
into it on the surface party games seem
like they are easy to create but without
the right ingredients and more
importantly heart atmosphere and fun but
fair gameplay you're just pissing in the
wind and ultimately bringing something
entirely pointless to market
[Music]
when it comes to racing games on the psp
there's an absolute ton of great
examples from ridge racer to gran
turismo and burnout but just like
everything good there's always something
is equally as bad this is where pocket
races comes in and offers up a somewhat
primitive take on the mario kart formula
it all starts out with you having an
incredibly wild party well that's what
the instruction manual says if the cg
intro was anything to go by it was
actually paint-dryingly dull whilst
talking to your friends a mysterious
hooded figure enters the room and
probably transforms you all into a range
of generic hot wheels knockoffs as now
just the clog in the wicked bastard's
plan you've now got to race and avoid
losing otherwise satan himself will
claim your soul to be fair as far as
intros to racing games go that's pretty
[__] whacked out but despite it
sounding kind of cool the game just
never delivers and feels like an
absolute joke instead first off the
racing itself which all takes place in
your messy but otherwise normal house
where you have to dodge such nightmarish
obstacles such as cups books and pens
for a game involving the literal devil
himself you would have thought they
might have gotten a bit more creative
with the setting when it comes to
gameplay it's just as uninspired like i
mentioned it borrows from mario kart and
allows the player to take advantage of
several items from shields to rockets
and turbo boosts there's a nice amount
of variety when it comes to the options
on hand but executing them is another
matter entirely the rockets have all the
power and finesse of a fad whilst the
turbo boost barely feels as if it even
affects your speed when you couple this
with this shockingly terrible level
design which mainly consists of a lot of
ramps which might have been decent if it
wasn't for the ultra sensitive controls
that make you flip over and skid across
the track which just so happens to reset
your position often me pointing you
straight at the [__] wall is this
game playable for sure it is but you'll
resent having to go through the time
thing aside from the inclusion of satan
this is just a run-of-the-mill racer
that feels more like a college project
on wrong rather than a full-blown game
[Music]
at this point everyone and their dog are
aware of marvel whether our superheroes
are scaling tall buildings catching
crooks like flights or slicing through
steel with their claws most admire their
powers that are unhindered by the
restrictions that hold the rest of us
back and this pretty much sums up the
main issue with rise of the imperfects
there are severe limitations on how and
more importantly for how long you have
access to your abilities which all but
managed to sap any sort of fun out of
the title before even having a chance to
get it running now it's essentially a
brawler that sees up to 20 characters
making the cut but for some odd reason
only 12 are actually part of the marvel
cast with the rest of them being made up
of ea's own ideas for superheroes which
are about as charismatic as a wet mop
the initial footage before release was
actually quite promising with all of
them ducking it out of unleashing their
superpowers and smashing up everything
in sight as they go but upon booting the
game up and getting to sit down with it
you've soon realized that when it comes
to gameplay it's a pretty bare bones
experience you'll enjoy the thrill of
picking up an abandoned taxi and hurling
it towards your opponent and will
optimistically believe that the apparent
lack of moves is solely down to your
lack of practice with the controls but
most of all you'll slowly feel the
growing despair is it becomes clearer
and clearer that those few moves are
pretty much all you've got overall rise
of the imperfects has actually got some
pretty decent ideas going for it it was
just a shame that the brain dead
decision to artificially prolong what
was already a pretty mundane affair to
unlock new fighters made the cut as well
as the fundamentally flawed and joyless
experience of actually playing the game
avoid it like the [__] played
[Music]
after the somewhat half-baked completely
nonsensical version not released on the
ps2 you'd think the developers would
have learned their lesson and actually
improved on the many aspects that
hindered the playstation 2 release not
only is it essentially the same game on
psp but they actually managed to make it
even worse let's begin with the core of
the game the fighting unfortunately it's
very basic with little variety outside
of the standard punch and kick other
than the sidestep feature that can be
used during battle the game plays just
like a 2d fighter although in 3d
fingerprint is a sort of watered-down
version of dragon ball z budokai without
the ability to fly each of the
characters comes equipped with a few
combos and simple attacks but a good
chunk of the combos are basically
performed the same way no matter what
character is chosen punch punch forward
then alternate between punch and kick to
finish your combo the attacks on combos
are different per character so there is
some variety in the way they look but
not much in the way to perform them the
characters themselves can transform into
mythical warriors once their super gage
is completely full kind of like bloody
raw only the characters change to bitter
human warriors instead of animals whilst
transformed each of them take off more
damage per hit and have a total of three
super attacks these super attacks often
include a button tapping minigame which
sees the players spamming the on-screen
button in order to perform it now one of
the best aspects of a fighting game has
to be the characters themselves it gives
the developers a chance to inject a bit
of personality or charm into their game
but unfortunately the legend of the
dragons swim and misses over and over
again they all just seem to blend into
each other and never stand out
regardless of who you play is they're
all just as lifeless as the last even
fans of the series will find nothing to
like here except for maybe the bonus
episode but that is hardly worth the
purchase price of the game if you're
looking for a solid fighting game on the
psp this is not it
[Music]
when it comes to rpgs there's an
established formula that many of them
fall into the cliche beginning of a
young boy leaving their village and
setting off into the wilderness to
experience a of age story is about as
common as a starbucks on the high street
of course there are some exceptions and
those rpgs usually stand out due to them
effectively subverting the usual tropes
with solid writing or fighting mechanics
that place it above the rest astonishing
story is no exception and is easy to
distinguish from the sea of rpgs on the
psp not because it introduces a new take
on the cliche or spices up the usual
conventions but because it executes
every common trope so incredibly poorly
if like any other same person you were
hoping for the narrative to have some
type of coherency then you'll be surely
disappointed while it might be possible
to overlook some of the more
questionable aspects of the story as
this is a conversion of a game that
originally came out in korea in 1994 but
what can't be forgiven is the disastrous
translation characters are
inappropriately named for example man 2
and soldier 1 nearly every attempted
humor falls flat on its ass through
misused words and the character building
a narrative becomes if not totally
unintelligible then certainly irrelevant
through the confusion all of this stays
up now many rpgs live or die on their
battle system alone an astonishing story
might as well be six feet deep as not
only is the system woefully under baked
but completely tedious as a result to
top it all off though the final insult
is the loading times which constantly
interrupt nearly every aspect of the
game even your [__] attacks during
battle to sum it up in one word
astonisher story is a load of bollocks
and is something that should just simply
not exist
[Music]
teenage mutant ninja turtles had to be
one of my favorite franchises growing up
from the original movies to the games on
the super nintendo i just couldn't get
enough of it naturally as i grew up i
began to care less and less about it but
on the off chance a few good years back
i decided to pick this game up on the
psp and try to relive some of those
memories for [__] sakes what a mistake
that was the game can best be described
as a series of nonsensical missions that
involve leaping from legs to ledge oh
and you might fight something in between
your jumps but that's not a promise as i
mentioned earlier all you'll be doing is
a [__] ton of jumping that you cannot
even control the trajectory of you get
different colour clues that tell you
where and which height of jump to use to
reach different surfaces you cannot
interact with anything and at times
makes the game feel like it's playing
itself breaking up the absolute hell
that is general gameplay are several
boss encounters which finally allow you
a bit more freedom as to what you can
actually do instead of just having to
mash the x button in the general
direction of the enemy you get to dodge
and perform counter attacks that add a
bit of flair to the otherwise mundane
combat but on the whole the new
additions are practically useless is the
lack of difficulty will see you mashing
axe anyway as it's quicker and more
effective than actually waiting to get
struck to be fair the game looks pretty
impressive on the psp both the
animations and environments look great
on the small screen but unfortunately
the cutscenes and dialogue help it fall
flat the stills and motionless scenes
feel so out of place and with the great
in-game animation you later wonder why
in the hell didn't they just go with the
engine instead it's a strange decision
that never really made sense to me is it
would have added a lot more to the
overall presentation of the game overall
this is just one shockingly terrible psp
game that should stay where it deserves
in the [__] sewers
[Music]
dragony azaria was developer hitmaker's
second attempt at the rpg genre first
being the ill-fated blade dancer a
mediocre psp title that didn't quite get
it and indeed dragony azaria delivers an
offering what blade dancer didn't have
it has a full-fledged storyline with
plenty of twists a decent plot of
developed characters and little
improvements here and there that don't
change much in the end but at least it's
there however despite the additions made
to the presentation the gameplay and
overall end result still suffers a great
deal it's a mixed bag of good and bad
but in the end the bad really outweighs
the good to begin there's a severe
amount of style over substance which
really hurts the overall journey you see
this is the fundamental problem with the
game it's all deception you start off
thinking it's this really epic rpg
involving dragons spells and whatnot but
it's all just an appearance the game
looks really good the 3d graphics is
sharp clear and vibrant the characters
have a great art style and the
environments are fairly varied as well
however the animations are just shocking
they are used over and over again in all
of the cutscenes adding no particular
charm to the already somewhat stale
storyline this only goes to show that
hitmaker probably didn't have a very
high budget for this project which is
understandable after something like
blade dancer when it comes to gameplay
hitmaker went with a turn-based system
for the most part it's pretty solid each
of your four characters can use special
dragon skills in addition to magic you
can set this magic yourself so you get
to decide who are your healers or your
fighters for example you can also set
the dragon skills which makes for some
interesting customization i really
wanted to like dragony azaria but in the
end the game feels too much like a low
budget rpg the english voice acting is
horrid the graphics look good but are
also very bland the storyline starts
great but never picks up and gets very
stale right up to the joke of an ending
it's the rpg 101 of generic roleplay
throwing a few characters on a quest to
save the land make them walk and fight
for hours on end and then abruptly end
the game that pretty much sums it up
[Music]
dragon ball evolution is the literal
definition of [__] there is no way
around it if the movie wasn't bad enough
you've got a game to make your way
through as well that would only result
in you questioning your sanity if you've
already played any of the budokai games
then you'll be very familiar with the
gameplay like those games you perform
moves by better mashing your way to
victory of course there are some ups and
downs about the button mashing haven
here for the good aspect you could now
perform trademark energy blasts and
character specials with the ease of
pressing a single button since there
aren't any long length special
techniques or combo specials you can
just mix and match every attack you can
with the same button for a quick win the
bad aspect though is that this game is
just too simple and very short it's
likely that you'll win more than you are
to lose since the ai here isn't that
threatening or difficult in fact it is
so simple that you could even play this
game blindfolded the character roster is
also very small compared to other
fighting games on the psp with only five
being available by default with a
further six being unlocked which are all
just as uninteresting as the ones you
already have like most fighting games
there's a pause menu move list to help
beginners learn a few tricks in the game
but all of them aren't that unique most
of them are basically just a few button
matching attacks and short animated
specials there are some redeeming
factors however even though it doesn't
impact gameplay the visuals are still an
important part to a game for the
background arenas everything looks wide
and open complete with colorful
backdrops 3d textures and special
effects the download here is that the
background arenas aren't that unique
there's no interactions like they were
with the other dbz games so you won't
likely see your opponent getting smashed
into a mountain or down a canyon and the
3d character models are just plain
bollocks there is no denying that dragon
ball evolution was a commercial flop and
no doubt the uninspired visuals crappy
character design lame music lifeless
cutscenes simple gameplay of weak ai
contributed to that fact if you're a fan
of the series please save yourself and
do not get suckered into buying this
crap well that does it for today's video
keep an eye out for part two as that
will be coming up soon so don't forget
to subscribe and hit that bell to get
notified about its release you can
follow me on all of the socials to stay
up to date and also join our growing
community on discord to meet many
like-minded gamers to continue the
conversation with i'd like to give a
special shout out to our patreon
supporters rhino skill gym nano steve
richard amy daniel quinn dio and paddy j
for their continued support that helps
make these videos possible if you're
interested in joining our discord or
supporting the channel through patreon
to gain access to exclusive videos and
giveaways for as little as one dollar
per month you'll find the links in the
description as always thanks for taking
the time to watch the video i'll catch
you next time
[Music]